[church organs fade in]
[footsteps]
- You've got to put your phone away Cecily!
I really don't see why *you* should keep a phone at all.
- I keep a phone in order to share my life
with all of my thousands of wonderful friends.
If I didn't do that,
I should probably forget about all of them.
- Well why don't you just bring them to church—
- It's because they're heretics!
- Oh please doctor, I'm just sayin'
I am *not* in favor of this modern mania
of posting everything you do to this "social media" thing.
The mouth, my dear Cecily,
Is the method of socialization we all carry about with us.
Isn't that right, Merriman?
- Uhh... sure!
That's right Miss!
Societal medium is perfectly horrid!
- Plus, your life is too improper to be shared.
You need to learn proper ettiquette!
- But—
- Shush!
Doctor's sermon is about to start!
How perfectly disgraceful!
[church organs fade out]
- Today we gather in mourning
of Mr. George Bunbury.
- Aren't you the one who confused
- born in 1854
a baby for a handbag?
he got his first cold at the age of 5 days
- It was a very nice handbag!
Ernest should be thankful for having
such an expensive home!
Thereafter, he has suffered every disease imaginable:
Besides, you are being very disrespectful.
typhus, smallpox, syphylis,
*I* am supposed to be the one
criticizing *you*!
and the Plague.
But until last week,
God had given him mercy each time.
It was a humble case of cholera
that finally arrested his life
at the age of 41.
Now, let us talk about his mana...
[fades into music]
:)